a boy named Toyoda, he is 17 years old but when he was 5 his grandfather died which made go in a coma for 12 years, after he woke up his family was there, they explained everything. after he was discharged, he received a letter from an unknown person named Yagami that to him to meet in the old burden Hiroshi high school, Toyoda went there and met Yagami which he explained to him that an organization named Towada killed his grandfather and now they are after him. he showed a lab under the school where Yagami was working on a project; a bracelet that would mounted in Toyoda's wrist connected with his nerves, the bracelet draws energy from the host body and turned it to anything the person desired based on what he thinks about, the more the complex thing the more energy it require. Yagami told Toyoda that his body is special as he can store huge amount of energy without any side effects, but he needs to train to achieve that. Toyoda starts training every day on using his energy, by progressing from rocks to water, wind to fire, and eventually the  things get more complex. 2 years passed when Toyoda started training, he now can make some complex stuff, he also started studying the link between energy and life, after intense hours of research, he found out that he can bring his grandfather back to life with enough energy, so he started working on his project. first he needed to build a facility to contain his grandfather's body to pump it with energy, then must charge it with energy every day for 2 months to be ready. finally after the facility is done, he got his grandfather's body and put him in the chamber, he pressed the button and energy started flowing to the body, it looked like the body was getting vibrant again, but a fatal error caused the machine to explode, fortunately Toyoda didn't die but the explosion erased the whole world civilization and killed 80% of world population, people who survived the explosion, got their DNA changed, so the whole world got divided into 3 main groups: Humans, Elves and Monsters, Elves are like humans but short and have long ears, Monsters are likes humans but have animal ears and tails. After Toyoda wakes up, he realized the mistake he made, everything around him is burden, he started traveling trying to find any survivors, it took him a year to find an elf village, the village name Elyria, during that year he traversed the huge desert of Akania, the dark forest of death, when he need food or water, he starts hunting because his bracelet stopped working. when he arrived at the village, he booked a room to stay the night, started working there for money while also researching how to fix his bracelet. after months he found out how to fix it, he has all the materials for it except one, a wild stone, which it can only be found in a monsters village named Asura 6 months away. Toyoda decided to prepare for the trip, but he needs money, so he joins a groups of adventurers. they did a lot of missions, but for the money it was worth it, but there where he met Christina, A beautiful 18 years old elf with blonde hair and green eyes, he fell in love with her, and also she did, after 2 months they got married. the time where he must go Asura came, so he got his money, the food and water, he said goodbye to his wife after they had some romance and went on his way. those six months were not easy, they were full dangers and adventures, Toyoda was very close to losing his leg during one of the battle, but eventually he arrived at asura. once he was there, he made sure to have a place to sleep, he got some rest and the next day started searching for the wild stone, he met a group of three monsters, two female and a male, but one of those females named Ari fell in Toyoda's love, but it was a one-side love. Ari is a 19 years old girl with cat ears and hair that is a mix of red and blue, her eyes are blue, her tail is a dark mix of red and blue. Toyoda joined them to do some missions and gain some money, but Ari is still trying to get closer to Toyoda. One day, Toyoda was sitting with the group until he received a letter, but from who? he opened the letter and read: "Dear Toyoda, I sent this letter a month after you left, I don't when it will arrive, but I want to tell you that I'm... Pregnant. From your beloved wife, Christina.". Toyoda was in shock, yet he was happy that he is gonna become a father, so he throwed a party with his group to celebrate, but the looks of jealousy were obvious on Ari, she started drinking too much. By the end of the party, when everyone left except Toyoda, she took the chance to tell him about her feelings, she got the courage and started talking. after she finished, she said "I want to be your second wife...", Toyoda was surprised, but told her to wait until they get back to Elyria to ask his wife's approval, Ari was very happy. 2 months had passed since Toyoda came to Asura, he searched where could the wild stone be, but finally he found its place. The wild stone is located in a cave in the south, one day away from the city, he got his group and discussed how there are gonna get it. the next day, Toyoda and the group are ready to go, once they arrived at the cave, they entered. it was there, the wild stone, but it was being guarded by a three headed dragon, another thing the energy mass explosion left behind. they fought it for hours, but in the end they defeated it, but at what cost, everyone in the group died except Toyoda and Ari, Ari was severely wounded. Toyoda took the wild stone and picked up Ari and took her to the city, If he can fix the bracelet inside his wrist he can heal her in no time. Toyoda prepared to fix the bracelet, he first located its place and opened and cut in reach it, after that he inserted a small piece of the wild stone in it and connected it with wires, reconfigured it, and restarted it. Now It's the moment of truth, will it work? he tried to make something with it, a fireball maybe... It worked. Toyoda was so happy, now it's time to heal Ari's wounds, he concentrate his energy and heal her. the next day Toyoda prepared to go back To Elyria, but this time Ari will be with him. the trip to get back was not easy, yet they managed to go back. Toyoda and Ari arrived at Elyria, he took here to his home, he knocks the door, Christina opened it and was surprised she started crying from happiness, but she saw that there is someone with him, Ari, she asked who she was, he told her the story, and said "I want to Take Ari as my second wife, I'm sorry". Christina was shocked, yet after hearing her story she accepted, but later she scolded him. in the house, there was a beautiful little girl, she was Toyoda's daughter, he held her in his arms, her name is Lucy, Lucy Tashiro. 2 years later, Lucy is now 2 years old, and Ari gave birth to a beautiful baby boy, his name is Luke, Luke Tashiro. one day, Toyoda dreamed of his grandfather telling him where his body is, that was when the Idea of trying to bring his grandfather to life again came, but this time it's gonna be perfect. He gathered the materials, constructed the facility, searched for his grandfather body, which took him a month to do, he did the same process but better. Toyoda started  to pump energy into his father body, after 2 hours, the energy stopped going in, he realizes that is enough, got his grandfather's body out and laid him on a bed, after some time his grandfather woke up, but younger, Toyoda was so happy. after 2 months living happily with his family, he received a letter telling him that they are coming for him, but who are these guys. Ari was pregnant again, she announced that to the family, they congratulated her, Lucy was at that time 4, and Luke was 2. Toyoda's grandfather teached Toyoda the bracelet secret techniques, like he can focus all his energy into one point and shoot it at a huge speed, and other techniques. Toyoda kept training with his grandfather, every day, every week, every month. One day when he came to his house from training, he didn't found his family, he panicked, he found a letter on the table saying that if he wants his family to be safe, he must give himself up, and he need to meet them out of the village at night. Toyoda's family was kidnapped but who did it? why would they want him? That moment when Toyoda remembered that organization named "Towada", but did they survive the explosion? How? He didn't believe it could them but still he has to stay alert. That night he went out of the village searching for those guys, it was dark, he can't see, suddenly, a hit on the head from someone, he fell unconscious. when he opened his eyes, he found him self in what felt like an old lab, he started looking around, he tried to stand up but he was handcuffed and tied to a bar, he tried using his powers to free himself, but something is strange, he can't use it, then someone came, he standed in front of Toyoda, the room was dark, he turned on the light, then said: "welcome back toyoda", Toyoda asked him of he was, he answered that he is Jiro Nakamura, the leader of the Towada organization, and they were looking for him for years, Toyoda was shocked, how did they survive? Jiro kept talking, he sarcastically said that Toyada can't use his powers anymore because they already removed the bracelet from his wrist, Toyoda still in shock, felt powerless without the bracelet, Jiro ordered to untie him that he now can't do anything, Jiro also said that he is also one of the only ten people in the world to possess the power, but now with the bracelet he is now more powerful than ever. Toyoda, who is still down thinking that he lost everything, tried to stand up and fight Jiro but Jiro blasted him with energy that knocked him down, Jiro ordered his men to get Toyoda's family to the room, they did, Toyoda saw his family all tied and crying but his grandfather wasn't there with them, they said that they don't know in a sarcastic way, Toyoda was broken, his heart was sinking, then Jiro said that he is afraid that his family also have his power, Toyoda looks at him , Jiro aimed his hand at Toyoda's Family and started charged an energy ball, Toyoda started screaming to stop, but Jiro was just laughing, suddenly when Jiro shooted his energy ball, someone jumped in front of it and took the damage instead, it left a giant hole in his body but who is this? when Toyoda realized, It was his grandfather, the world slowed down as he is trying to comprehend what happened, his grandfather died to save his family. Toyoda now even more broken then even, the adrenaline flowing in his body like crazy, There is an energy aura around him, Jiro was shocked of the amount of energy he possess, Toyoda charged up at Jiro, his eyes are white and glowing, he was going to make Jiro pay for years he suffered from him, The great battle begins. Jiro was no easy of an opponent, but Toyoda is much more powerful, as Toyoda fights, the aura around him grow, the heat from Toyoda's energy reached his family and burned the ropes that they were tied in, they managed to escape. Toyoda was angry, Jiro was scared, Toyoda stopped and started charging and focusing all his power into one energy blast, Jiro tried to escape but Toyoda's blast caught him and deleted him from existence. Toyoda calmed down and realized what happened, but he already used all of his energy in that blast, he felt unconscious. The next day he woke up but tired and all brused up, his wives, Christina and Ari were there, they said he shouldn't move and get some rest, and that he defeated that Jiro guy. When Toyoda heard that he remembered his grandfather dying in front of his eyes, he started crying. Toyoda was depressed, he didn't leave his room or talk to anyone, sometimes one of his wives comes with food but he didn't eat. one day Christina came to Toyoda's room, but she didn't bring anything, instead she wanted to give Toyoda a good time to make him feel better. the next day, he felt better, and slowly gained his happiness back. after 8 months, Ari gave birth to a twin, brother and sister, Toyoda named them Ava and Aiden. After 3 years, Toyoda is back on his feet with his family, living happily with his two wives, Christina and Ari, and daughter Lucy, son Luke, and twins Ava and Aiden. toyoda starts training his children, Lucy didn't have the potential, so did Aiden and Luke, but Ava was showing hope, Christina got pregnant again, a dragon appeared and threatened  the village, Toyoda tried to fight him but it is strong, he managed only to send him away for some time, Toyoda learned a new technique called "Fusion" which two people fuse and their energy multiplies, he didn't find someone to fuse with, so he started teaching the technique to his children, the successful fusion was the one with Aiden and Luke, Christine gave birth to a boy, Toyoda named him Ars, Toyoda started training the powerful fusion of Aiden and Luke called "Luden", After 2 months, The dragon came back, Toyoda tried again to fight but it was even more stronger, Ava now 5 years old, joined the fight, she showed some potential, it was not enough, Lucy also joined the fight, then Luke and Aiden did the fusion, Luden, they started fight too, they managed to cut his limbs, Lucy was severely injured, Toyoda took her to a safe place, Luken and Ava continued to fight the dragon, and the end they managed to kill the dragon, the battle lasted 2 years. After two years, Toyoda lived with his family peacefully, now Toyoda is 35 years old, Christina and Ari are 32 years old, Lucy is now 12, Luke is 10, Ava and Aiden are 7, Ars is 3.